>>> THIS WEEK’S INDICTMENT OF
>>> THIS WEEK’S INDICTMENT OF THE RUSSIAN LAWYER WHO MET WITH
THE RUSSIAN LAWYER WHO MET WITH PAUL MANAFORT AND TRUMP’S FAMILY
PAUL MANAFORT AND TRUMP’S FAMILY MEMBERS IS A HUGE DEVELOPMENT.
MEMBERS IS A HUGE DEVELOPMENT. SINCE SHE WAS THE MOST
SINCE SHE WAS THE MOST HIGH-RANKING RUSSIAN AT A
HIGH-RANKING RUSSIAN AT A MEETING THAT BOB MUELLER IS
MEETING THAT BOB MUELLER IS INVESTIGATING IN HIS COLLUSION
INVESTIGATING IN HIS COLLUSION PROBE.
PROBE. MUELLER’S OFFICE DIDN’T JUST
MUELLER’S OFFICE DIDN’T JUST INDICT HER JUST LIKE HIS OFFICE
INDICT HER JUST LIKE HIS OFFICE DIDN’T ACTUALLY INDICT MICHAEL
DIDN’T ACTUALLY INDICT MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. THE OFFICE THAT CHARGED THE
THE OFFICE THAT CHARGED THE RUSSIAN LAWYER WAS THE TOP
RUSSIAN LAWYER WAS THE TOP FEDERAL PROSECUTOR’S OFFICE IN
FEDERAL PROSECUTOR’S OFFICE IN MANHATTAN.
MANHATTAN. THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
YORK. THIS IS THE OFFICE WITH
THIS IS THE OFFICE WITH JURISDICTION OVER THE TRUMP
JURISDICTION OVER THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND ACTIVITIES
ORGANIZATION AND ACTIVITIES INVOLVING TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY
INVOLVING TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY WHICH INCLUDES ANYTHING HE DID
WHICH INCLUDES ANYTHING HE DID BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT. SO TONIGHT, WE TURN TO A SPECIAL
SO TONIGHT, WE TURN TO A SPECIAL REPORT, WHY THIS OFFICE IS
REPORT, WHY THIS OFFICE IS PROVING SO SIGNIFICANT AND WHY
PROVING SO SIGNIFICANT AND WHY IT’S MAKING SUCH PIVOTAL MOVES
IT’S MAKING SUCH PIVOTAL MOVES ON MATTERS ADJACENT TO THE
ON MATTERS ADJACENT TO THE MUELLER PROBE.
MUELLER PROBE. THE FIRST THING YOU NEED TO KNOW
THE FIRST THING YOU NEED TO KNOW IS THAT THIS STORY IS WAY BIGGER
IS THAT THIS STORY IS WAY BIGGER THAN TRUMP.
THAN TRUMP. VERY FEW FEDERAL PROSECUTORS
VERY FEW FEDERAL PROSECUTORS OFFICES HAVE NATIONAL
OFFICES HAVE NATIONAL REPUTATIONS.
REPUTATIONS. CAN YOU THINK OF A CURRENT OR
CAN YOU THINK OF A CURRENT OR PAST U.S. ATTORNEY FROM TEXAS OR
PAST U.S. ATTORNEY FROM TEXAS OR CALIFORNIA?
CALIFORNIA? I CAN’T OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD.
I CAN’T OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD. BUT YOU KNOW SEVERAL PROSECUTORS
BUT YOU KNOW SEVERAL PROSECUTORS WHO LED THIS SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
WHO LED THIS SOUTHERN DISTRICT. BARRARA WHO INDICTED HACKERS AND
BARRARA WHO INDICTED HACKERS AND MURDERERS IN NEW YORK BEFORE
MURDERERS IN NEW YORK BEFORE TRUMP FIRED HIM.
TRUMP FIRED HIM. OR RUDY GIULIANI WHO BUSTED
OR RUDY GIULIANI WHO BUSTED BANKERS AND MOBSTERS AND RACKED
BANKERS AND MOBSTERS AND RACKED UP 4,000 CONVICTIONS BACK WHEN
UP 4,000 CONVICTIONS BACK WHEN GIULIANI WAS POPULAR ACROSS THE
GIULIANI WAS POPULAR ACROSS THE POLITICAL SPECTRUM BECAUSE OF
POLITICAL SPECTRUM BECAUSE OF THAT RECORD.
THAT RECORD. OR JAMES COMEY WHO LED THE
OR JAMES COMEY WHO LED THE OFFICE WITH A FIERCE
OFFICE WITH A FIERCE INDEPENDENCE AND ONLY LEFT FOR
INDEPENDENCE AND ONLY LEFT FOR PROMOTION TO THE BUSH DOJ,
PROMOTION TO THE BUSH DOJ, HANDING THE REINS TO DAVID KELLY
HANDING THE REINS TO DAVID KELLY WHO PROSECUTED FINANCIAL FRAUD.
WHO PROSECUTED FINANCIAL FRAUD. THESE PROSECUTORS HAVE LONG
THESE PROSECUTORS HAVE LONG STRESSED THIS OFFICE IS SPECIAL.
STRESSED THIS OFFICE IS SPECIAL. IT TAKES ON BIG TARGETS AND IT’S
IT TAKES ON BIG TARGETS AND IT’S AGGRESSIVE.
AGGRESSIVE. >> WE ARE AGGRESSIVE.
>> WE ARE AGGRESSIVE. WE’RE APPROPRIATELY GREASE PITCH
WE’RE APPROPRIATELY GREASE PITCH THAT’S THE HISTORY OF THE
THAT’S THE HISTORY OF THE OFFICE.
OFFICE. >> I DON’T CARE WHO YOU PURPOSE
>> I DON’T CARE WHO YOU PURPOSE NOBODY IS TOO BIG OR TOO SMALL
NOBODY IS TOO BIG OR TOO SMALL TO BREAK THE LAW.
TO BREAK THE LAW. >> WE’RE COMMITTED TO TARGETING,
>> WE’RE COMMITTED TO TARGETING, DISRUPTING, PROSECUTING AND
DISRUPTING, PROSECUTING AND ERADICATING ALL OF THESE
ERADICATING ALL OF THESE MERCHANTS OF POISON.
MERCHANTS OF POISON. >> NOW THAT’S THE PEOPLE WHO RUN
>> NOW THAT’S THE PEOPLE WHO RUN THIS OFFICE.
THIS OFFICE. NOWADAYS, YOU CAN’T UNDERSTAND
NOWADAYS, YOU CAN’T UNDERSTAND ALL THE ANGLES IN THE MUELLER
ALL THE ANGLES IN THE MUELLER PROBE WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING THIS
PROBE WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING THIS OFFICE.
OFFICE. IF YOU AREN’T INTERESTED IN THIS
IF YOU AREN’T INTERESTED IN THIS TOPIC YOU MIGHT THINK, WHO CARES
TOPIC YOU MIGHT THINK, WHO CARES ABOUT THE HISTORY AND POSTURE OF
ABOUT THE HISTORY AND POSTURE OF THIS PARTICULARLY AGGRESSIVE
THIS PARTICULARLY AGGRESSIVE OFFICE?
OFFICE? TWO GROUPS OF PEOPLE FOR SURE --
TWO GROUPS OF PEOPLE FOR SURE -- LAWYERS AND CRIMINALS.
LAWYERS AND CRIMINALS. FOR LAWYERS, WELL, IT’S THEIR
FOR LAWYERS, WELL, IT’S THEIR FIELD AND FOR CRIMINALS, THEY
FIELD AND FOR CRIMINALS, THEY LEARN QUICKLY WHICH PROSECUTORS
LEARN QUICKLY WHICH PROSECUTORS AND INVESTIGATORS ARE MOST
AND INVESTIGATORS ARE MOST AGGRESSIVE IN PURSUING THEM.
AGGRESSIVE IN PURSUING THEM. SO IT STOOD OUT WHEN RIGHT AFTER
SO IT STOOD OUT WHEN RIGHT AFTER TRUMP’S ELECTION IN NOVEMBER
TRUMP’S ELECTION IN NOVEMBER 2016, WHEN HE HAD THOUSANDS OF
2016, WHEN HE HAD THOUSANDS OF OPEN POSTS TO FILL IN THE
OPEN POSTS TO FILL IN THE ADMINISTRATION, HE CHOSE TO
ADMINISTRATION, HE CHOSE TO PERSONALLY INVITE ONE U.S.
PERSONALLY INVITE ONE U.S. ATTORNEY TO TRUMP TOWER.
ATTORNEY TO TRUMP TOWER. THERE ARE 93 OF THEM BUT ONLY
THERE ARE 93 OF THEM BUT ONLY ONE WAS SUMMONED TO TRUMP TOWER
ONE WAS SUMMONED TO TRUMP TOWER IN FRONT OF THE CAMERAS.
IN FRONT OF THE CAMERAS. THE U.S. ATTORNEY FROM THE
THE U.S. ATTORNEY FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, PREET BARRARA.
PREET BARRARA. >> THE PRESIDENT-ELECT ASKED
>> THE PRESIDENT-ELECT ASKED PRESUMABLY BECAUSE HE’S A NEW
PRESUMABLY BECAUSE HE’S A NEW YORKER AND IS AWARE OF THE GREAT
YORKER AND IS AWARE OF THE GREAT WORK OUR OFFICE HAS DONE OVER
WORK OUR OFFICE HAS DONE OVER THE PAST SEVEN YEARS.
THE PAST SEVEN YEARS. ASKED TO MEET WITH ME TO DISCUSS
ASKED TO MEET WITH ME TO DISCUSS WHETHER OR NOT I’D BE PREPARED
WHETHER OR NOT I’D BE PREPARED TO STAY ON AS THE UNITED STATES
TO STAY ON AS THE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY TO DO THE WORK AS WE
ATTORNEY TO DO THE WORK AS WE HAVE DONE IT INDEPENDENTLY
HAVE DONE IT INDEPENDENTLY WITHOUT FEAR OF FAVOR FOR THE
WITHOUT FEAR OF FAVOR FOR THE LAST SEVEN YEARS.
LAST SEVEN YEARS. I AGREED TO STAY ON.
I AGREED TO STAY ON. >> HE AGREED TO STAY ON, WHICH
>> HE AGREED TO STAY ON, WHICH DID NOT LAST.
DID NOT LAST. AND THE MEETING ITSELF WAS
AND THE MEETING ITSELF WAS ALREADY UNUSUAL.
ALREADY UNUSUAL. NO RECORD OF OTHER PRESIDENTS
NO RECORD OF OTHER PRESIDENTS PERSONALLY MEET WITH LOCAL
PERSONALLY MEET WITH LOCAL PROSECUTORS DURING THEIR
PROSECUTORS DURING THEIR TRANSITION.
TRANSITION. IF TRUMP WANTED POLITICAL
IF TRUMP WANTED POLITICAL LOYALTY FROM THE PROSECUTOR
LOYALTY FROM THE PROSECUTOR RUNNING THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT,
RUNNING THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, HE WAS UNLIKELY TO GET IT FROM
HE WAS UNLIKELY TO GET IT FROM BHARARA.
BHARARA. WE TALKED ABOUT THIS WHEN I
WE TALKED ABOUT THIS WHEN I INTERVIEWED HIM.
INTERVIEWED HIM. HE TOOK ON WALL STREET AND
HE TOOK ON WALL STREET AND POWERFUL DEMOCRATS IN HIS OWN
POWERFUL DEMOCRATS IN HIS OWN PARTY WHILE IN THAT POST.
PARTY WHILE IN THAT POST. >> WE ARE AGGRESSIVE.
>> WE ARE AGGRESSIVE. WE’RE APPROPRIATELY AGGRESSIVE.
WE’RE APPROPRIATELY AGGRESSIVE. THAT’S THE HISTORY OF THE
THAT’S THE HISTORY OF THE OFFICE, AND I THINK THE PUBLIC
OFFICE, AND I THINK THE PUBLIC IS BETTER FOR IT.
IS BETTER FOR IT. PEOPLE SAY, ARE YOU CONCERNED
PEOPLE SAY, ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT GOING AFTER POWERFUL
ABOUT GOING AFTER POWERFUL PEOPLE, POLITICIANS OR MANAGERS?
PEOPLE, POLITICIANS OR MANAGERS? AND I FIND THAT SILLY BECAUSE A
AND I FIND THAT SILLY BECAUSE A LOT OF WHAT WE DO IS GO AFTER
LOT OF WHAT WE DO IS GO AFTER REALLY, REALLY VIOLENT
REALLY, REALLY VIOLENT CRIMINALS.
CRIMINALS. A GUY IN A SUIT WITH A LOT OF
A GUY IN A SUIT WITH A LOT OF MONEY DOESN’T POSE MUCH OF A
MONEY DOESN’T POSE MUCH OF A THREAT TO OUR PSYCHE.
THREAT TO OUR PSYCHE. >> YOU LOOK BACK ON ALL OF THIS,
>> YOU LOOK BACK ON ALL OF THIS, IT’S THAT OFFICE THAT THIS WEEK
IT’S THAT OFFICE THAT THIS WEEK INDICTS A RUSSIAN AND SENDS
INDICTS A RUSSIAN AND SENDS DONALD TRUMP’S LAWYER TO PRISON.
DONALD TRUMP’S LAWYER TO PRISON. WHEN YOU LOOK BACK AT IS, ONE
WHEN YOU LOOK BACK AT IS, ONE CAN SEE WHY TRUMP’S
CAN SEE WHY TRUMP’S SELF-INTEREST COULD BE IMPACTED
SELF-INTEREST COULD BE IMPACTED BY THIS OFFICE.
BY THIS OFFICE. BUT WHO WOULD KNOW THAT BACK
BUT WHO WOULD KNOW THAT BACK THEN?
THEN? WHY WAS THIS HIGH ON TRUMP’S
WHY WAS THIS HIGH ON TRUMP’S TO-DO LIST.
TO-DO LIST. BHARARA SAID TRUMP WAS TRYING TO
BHARARA SAID TRUMP WAS TRYING TO INAPPROPRIATELY KULTSIVATE LYLY
INAPPROPRIATELY KULTSIVATE LYLY >> IT APPEARED TO BE HE WAS
>> IT APPEARED TO BE HE WAS TRYING TO CULTIVATE SOME KIND OF
TRYING TO CULTIVATE SOME KIND OF RELATIONSHIP.
RELATIONSHIP. SO HE CALLED ME IN DECEMBER.
SO HE CALLED ME IN DECEMBER. TO SHOOT THE BREEZE.
TO SHOOT THE BREEZE. HE ASKED ME AGAIN TWO DAYS
HE ASKED ME AGAIN TWO DAYS BEFORE THE INAUGURATION.
BEFORE THE INAUGURATION. AGAIN, SEEMINGLY TO CHECK IN AND
AGAIN, SEEMINGLY TO CHECK IN AND SHOOT THE BREEZE.
SHOOT THE BREEZE. AND HE CALLED ME A THIRD TIME
AND HE CALLED ME A THIRD TIME AFTER HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
AFTER HE BECAME PRESIDENT. SO THE CALL CAME IN.
SO THE CALL CAME IN. I GOT A MESSAGE.
I GOT A MESSAGE. WE DELIBERATED OVER IT, THOUGHT
WE DELIBERATED OVER IT, THOUGHT IT WAS INAPPROPRIATE TO RETURN
IT WAS INAPPROPRIATE TO RETURN THE CALL AND I WAS ASKED TO
THE CALL AND I WAS ASKED TO RESIGN ALONG WITH 45 OTHER
RESIGN ALONG WITH 45 OTHER PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. >> THOSE FIRINGS COULD HELP
>> THOSE FIRINGS COULD HELP TRUMP.
TRUMP. HIS DEFENDERS SAY HE WAS
HIS DEFENDERS SAY HE WAS CLEANING HOUSE LIKE OTHER
CLEANING HOUSE LIKE OTHER PRESIDENTS.
PRESIDENTS. AND THIS WAS NOT ABOUT THE
AND THIS WAS NOT ABOUT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, EXCEPT TRUMP WAS FIXATING ON THE
EXCEPT TRUMP WAS FIXATING ON THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT. IN ANOTHER WEIRD MOVE HE BEGAN
IN ANOTHER WEIRD MOVE HE BEGAN PERSONALLY INTERVIEWING THE
PERSONALLY INTERVIEWING THE CANDIDATES FOR THAT OFFICE.
CANDIDATES FOR THAT OFFICE. >> IN A RADICAL DEPARTURE FROM
>> IN A RADICAL DEPARTURE FROM PRECEDENT, THE PRESIDENT OF THE
PRECEDENT, THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IS PERSONALLY
UNITED STATES IS PERSONALLY INTERVIEWING TWO PEOPLE FOR U.S.
INTERVIEWING TWO PEOPLE FOR U.S. ATTORNEY JOBS HERE IN NEW YORK.
ATTORNEY JOBS HERE IN NEW YORK. >> A WEIRD THING FOR A PRESIDENT
>> A WEIRD THING FOR A PRESIDENT TO MEET WITH POTENTIAL NOMINEES
TO MEET WITH POTENTIAL NOMINEES TO BE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS, U.S.
TO BE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS, U.S. ATTORNEYS.
ATTORNEYS. >> WHILE THE PRESIDENT HAS THE
>> WHILE THE PRESIDENT HAS THE POWER TO NOMINATE U.S.
POWER TO NOMINATE U.S. ATTORNEYS, THEY TYPICALLY DO NOT
ATTORNEYS, THEY TYPICALLY DO NOT INTERFERE OR INTERVIEW
INTERFERE OR INTERVIEW PROSPECTIVE CANDIDATES.
PROSPECTIVE CANDIDATES. >> BUT TRUMP APPOINTED ONE OF
>> BUT TRUMP APPOINTED ONE OF THOSE CANDIDATES, JEFF BERMAN,
THOSE CANDIDATES, JEFF BERMAN, TO HEAD THE OFFICE.
TO HEAD THE OFFICE. IF TRUMP’S GOAL WAS TO FINALLY
IF TRUMP’S GOAL WAS TO FINALLY GET CONTROL OF THAT AGGRESSIVE
GET CONTROL OF THAT AGGRESSIVE OFFICE, HE SEEMED TO FAIL
OFFICE, HE SEEMED TO FAIL BECAUSE IT’S BEEN VERY BUSY AND
BECAUSE IT’S BEEN VERY BUSY AND THAT NEW U.S. ATTORNEY BERMAN
THAT NEW U.S. ATTORNEY BERMAN DID SOMETHING WE KNOW TRUMP
DID SOMETHING WE KNOW TRUMP HATES AND RECUSED HIMSELF FROM
HATES AND RECUSED HIMSELF FROM SOME MATTERS, INCLUDING THE
SOME MATTERS, INCLUDING THE COHEN INVESTIGATION AND HE’LL
COHEN INVESTIGATION AND HE’LL CONTINUE THIS OFFICE’S
CONTINUE THIS OFFICE’S TRADITIONS.
TRADITIONS. >> POLITIC DOES NOT ENTER INTO
>> POLITIC DOES NOT ENTER INTO OUR DECISION-MAKING ON CHARGING
OUR DECISION-MAKING ON CHARGING A CASE.
A CASE. WE BRING A CASE WHEN A CASE IS
WE BRING A CASE WHEN A CASE IS READY TO BE BROUGHT.
READY TO BE BROUGHT. >> MUELLER’S INVESTIGATORS ASKED
>> MUELLER’S INVESTIGATORS ASKED A LOT OF WITNESSES ABOUT MICHAEL
A LOT OF WITNESSES ABOUT MICHAEL COHEN IT WAS THAT OFFICE, THE
COHEN IT WAS THAT OFFICE, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT THAT SEARCHED
SOUTHERN DISTRICT THAT SEARCHED COHEN’S HOME AND OFFICE AND
COHEN’S HOME AND OFFICE AND INDICTED HIM.
INDICTED HIM. IN THE MEDIA, SOME SUGGESTED
IN THE MEDIA, SOME SUGGESTED THIS MEANT THE VERY INDEPENDENT
THIS MEANT THE VERY INDEPENDENT SOUTHERN DISTRICT WAS NOW ACTING
SOUTHERN DISTRICT WAS NOW ACTING WITHOUT MUELLER.
WITHOUT MUELLER. >> THIS IS NOT THE SPECIAL
>> THIS IS NOT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION
COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION APPARENTLY.
APPARENTLY. HE’S PUNTED IT OVER TO THE
HE’S PUNTED IT OVER TO THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. >> WHY, IF BOB MUELLER FOUND
>> WHY, IF BOB MUELLER FOUND SOMETHING THAT WAS A RED FLAG,
SOMETHING THAT WAS A RED FLAG, WHY WAS IT HANDED OFF TO THE
WHY WAS IT HANDED OFF TO THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK?
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK? >> WHAT MUELLER IS DOING IS
>> WHAT MUELLER IS DOING IS SAYING, LOOK, THIS IS NOT MY
SAYING, LOOK, THIS IS NOT MY AREA.
AREA. THIS IS OUTSIDE OF WHAT I’M
THIS IS OUTSIDE OF WHAT I’M SUPPOSED TO BE DOING BUT YOU
SUPPOSED TO BE DOING BUT YOU GUYS SHOULD TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
GUYS SHOULD TAKE A LOOK AT THIS. >> NOT EXACTLY, THOUGH.
>> NOT EXACTLY, THOUGH. BECAUSE WHAT WE’VE LEARNED IS
BECAUSE WHAT WE’VE LEARNED IS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT WAS
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT WAS LEADING THE CHARGE WHILE MUELLER
LEADING THE CHARGE WHILE MUELLER WAS STILL INVOLVED.
WAS STILL INVOLVED. >> I THINK WHERE THE PRESS HAS
>> I THINK WHERE THE PRESS HAS GOTTEN THIS ALL WRONG IS THAT
GOTTEN THIS ALL WRONG IS THAT BECAUSE THE SEARCH WARRANT WAS
BECAUSE THE SEARCH WARRANT WAS OBTAINED IN THE SOUTHERN
OBTAINED IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK BY THE U.S.
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK BY THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN THE
ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, THAT SOMEHOW MUELLER HAS PASSED
THAT SOMEHOW MUELLER HAS PASSED THIS WHOLE MATTER OFF.
THIS WHOLE MATTER OFF. >> BUT HE DIDN’T APPEAR TO PASS
>> BUT HE DIDN’T APPEAR TO PASS IT OFF.
IT OFF. THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT PRESSURED
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT PRESSURED COHEN AND MUELLER CONTINUED TO
COHEN AND MUELLER CONTINUED TO GET TESTIMONY FROM HIM.
GET TESTIMONY FROM HIM. AND THEY WEREN’T JUST
AND THEY WEREN’T JUST INVESTIGATING THOSE PAYMENTS TO
INVESTIGATING THOSE PAYMENTS TO WOMEN.
WOMEN. THE NEW YORK PROSECUTORS PROBED
THE NEW YORK PROSECUTORS PROBED COHEN’S FINANCES AND HIS
COHEN’S FINANCES AND HIS CAMPAIGN SPENDING.
CAMPAIGN SPENDING. AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. AND HOW IT COORDINATED WITH THE
AND HOW IT COORDINATED WITH THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER COMPANY
NATIONAL ENQUIRER COMPANY GETTING COOPERATION ALSO FROM
GETTING COOPERATION ALSO FROM TRUMP
TRUMP TRUMP’S TOP MONEY MAN.
TRUMP’S TOP MONEY MAN. WE DON’T KNOW IF THAT PERSON IS
WE DON’T KNOW IF THAT PERSON IS STILL WORKING WITH THAT OFFICE
STILL WORKING WITH THAT OFFICE TODAY, BUT THEN YOU HAVE THIS
TODAY, BUT THEN YOU HAVE THIS NEW INDICTMENT OF RUSSIAN LAWYER
NEW INDICTMENT OF RUSSIAN LAWYER NATALIA VESELNITSKAYA.
NATALIA VESELNITSKAYA. THAT’S FIVE AEFS OF
THAT’S FIVE AEFS OF INVESTIGATION THAT TEE OFF THE
INVESTIGATION THAT TEE OFF THE MUELLER PROBE AND MAY SERVE HIS
MUELLER PROBE AND MAY SERVE HIS ULTIMATE CONCLUSIONS.
ULTIMATE CONCLUSIONS. AT TIMES THIS OFFICE MAY BE
AT TIMES THIS OFFICE MAY BE MUELLER’S QUEEN IN A CHESS GAME
MUELLER’S QUEEN IN A CHESS GAME THAT SPANS FROM WASHINGTON TO
THAT SPANS FROM WASHINGTON TO MOSCOW.
MOSCOW. THERE’S EVEN TALK AMONG SOME
THERE’S EVEN TALK AMONG SOME LEGAL EXPERTS THAT WHILE MUELLER
LEGAL EXPERTS THAT WHILE MUELLER HAS EXTRACTED WHAT HE NEEDED
HAS EXTRACTED WHAT HE NEEDED FROM MICHAEL COHEN IT WAS THE
FROM MICHAEL COHEN IT WAS THE NEW YORK PROSECUTORS THAT
NEW YORK PROSECUTORS THAT SQUEEZED HIM, TOOK THE BIG RISK
SQUEEZED HIM, TOOK THE BIG RISK OF RAIDING A PRESIDENT’S
OF RAIDING A PRESIDENT’S LAWYER’S OFFICE AND GOT RESULTS.
LAWYER’S OFFICE AND GOT RESULTS. COHEN’S OWN LEGAL ADVISER TOLD
COHEN’S OWN LEGAL ADVISER TOLD ME IT WAS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
ME IT WAS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT THAT PREVENTED COHEN FROM EVEN
THAT PREVENTED COHEN FROM EVEN GETTING A CHANCE TO COME PLEASED
GETTING A CHANCE TO COME PLEASED HIS CASE IN ADVANCE AND HE
HIS CASE IN ADVANCE AND HE QUESTIONED THEIR JUDGMENT.
QUESTIONED THEIR JUDGMENT. >> THEY DIDN’T TELL THE MEDIA.
>> THEY DIDN’T TELL THE MEDIA. WE DID NOT ALLOW MICHAEL COHEN
WE DID NOT ALLOW MICHAEL COHEN TO COME IN AND TALK WITH US.
TO COME IN AND TALK WITH US. I TALKED IT A LACK OF
I TALKED IT A LACK OF PROPORTIONALITY AND POOR
PROPORTIONALITY AND POOR JUDGMENT.
JUDGMENT. >> PROPONENTS OF THE OFFICE ARE
>> PROPONENTS OF THE OFFICE ARE AGGRESSIVE MEANING COHEN GOT IT
AGGRESSIVE MEANING COHEN GOT IT ROUGH JUST LIKE PAST BANKERS,
ROUGH JUST LIKE PAST BANKERS, MOBSTERS, POLITICIANS OR MARTHA
MOBSTERS, POLITICIANS OR MARTHA STEWART WHO HAVE ALL OBJECTED TO
STEWART WHO HAVE ALL OBJECTED TO THIS OFFICE’S APPROACH.
THIS OFFICE’S APPROACH. IT’S KNOWN TO APPLY THE SAME
IT’S KNOWN TO APPLY THE SAME PRINCIPLES TO ALL.
PRINCIPLES TO ALL. JUST ASK RUDY GIULIANI, OR AT
JUST ASK RUDY GIULIANI, OR AT LEAST THE OLD GIULIANI BACK WHEN
LEAST THE OLD GIULIANI BACK WHEN HE PROSECUTED CRIME.
HE PROSECUTED CRIME. >> YOU REALLY TRY VERY HARD TO
>> YOU REALLY TRY VERY HARD TO APPLY THE SAME PRINCIPLES TO
APPLY THE SAME PRINCIPLES TO EVERYONE.
EVERYONE. AND I FOUND BEING A PROSECUTOR
AND I FOUND BEING A PROSECUTOR HARDER THAN BEING A CANDIDATE
HARDER THAN BEING A CANDIDATE BECAUSE THE JUDGMENT YOU HAVE TO
BECAUSE THE JUDGMENT YOU HAVE TO MAKE AS A CANDIDATE ARE CLEAR.
MAKE AS A CANDIDATE ARE CLEAR. YOU GO OUT AND ARGUE YOUR CASE
YOU GO OUT AND ARGUE YOUR CASE AND DO THE BEST YOU CAN.
AND DO THE BEST YOU CAN. AS A PROSECUTOR YOU HAVE
AS A PROSECUTOR YOU HAVE PEOPLE’S LIVES IN YOUR HANDS,
PEOPLE’S LIVES IN YOUR HANDS, AND YOU REALLY WANT TO BE FAIR.
AND YOU REALLY WANT TO BE FAIR. >> FAIR.
>> FAIR. AND AGGRESSIVE.
AND AGGRESSIVE. AN APPROACH THAT’S SCARED MANY
AN APPROACH THAT’S SCARED MANY POWERFUL PEOPLE AND APPARENTLY
POWERFUL PEOPLE AND APPARENTLY GOT DONALD TRUMP’S ATTENTION.
GOT DONALD TRUMP’S ATTENTION. TONIGHT THIS OFFICE IS OPERATING
TONIGHT THIS OFFICE IS OPERATING AT THE NEXUS OF MAJOR ISSUES IN
AT THE NEXUS OF MAJOR ISSUES IN TRUMPLANDIA.
TRUMPLANDIA. LET’S TAKE THEM TOGETHER.
LET’S TAKE THEM TOGETHER. PURSUING A FUGITIVE RUSSIAN WHO
PURSUING A FUGITIVE RUSSIAN WHO TENDED THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING.
TENDED THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING. GATHERING EVIDENCE ON A NOW
GATHERING EVIDENCE ON A NOW CONFESSED CAMPAIGN SPENDING
CONFESSED CAMPAIGN SPENDING CRIME FROM 2016.
CRIME FROM 2016. OVERSEEING THE IMPRISONMENT OF
OVERSEEING THE IMPRISONMENT OF DONALD TRUMP’S TOP LAWYER.
DONALD TRUMP’S TOP LAWYER. GATHERING TESTIMONY FROM TRUMP’S
GATHERING TESTIMONY FROM TRUMP’S TOP MONEY MAN.
TOP MONEY MAN. AND THOSE ARE JUST THE LEADS
AND THOSE ARE JUST THE LEADS THAT WE KNOW ABOUT.
THAT WE KNOW ABOUT. THIS OFFICE ISN’T REALLY LIKE
THIS OFFICE ISN’T REALLY LIKE OTHER OFFICES, AND TO UNDERSTAND
OTHER OFFICES, AND TO UNDERSTAND HOW IT WORKS, IT HELPS TO HAVE
HOW IT WORKS, IT HELPS TO HAVE SOMEONE WHO HAS RUN IT.
SOMEONE WHO HAS RUN IT. A BIG LEGAL NAME LIKE JAMES
A BIG LEGAL NAME LIKE JAMES COMEY OR PREET BHARARA OR DAVID
COMEY OR PREET BHARARA OR DAVID KELLY WHO REPLACED JAMES COMEY
KELLY WHO REPLACED JAMES COMEY FROM 2003 TO 2005.
FROM 2003 TO 2005. KELLY REPRESENTS COMEY IN
KELLY REPRESENTS COMEY IN PRIVATE PRACTICE AND IS FORMER
PRIVATE PRACTICE AND IS FORMER CHIEF OF THE ORGANIZED CRIME AND
CHIEF OF THE ORGANIZED CRIME AND TERRORISM UNIT IN THAT
TERRORISM UNIT IN THAT DEPARTMENT AND I SHOULD MENTION
DEPARTMENT AND I SHOULD MENTION WE USED TO PRACTICE LAW
WE USED TO PRACTICE LAW TOGETHER.
TOGETHER. THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE. >> THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME. >> WHY DOES THIS OFFICE SCARE
>> WHY DOES THIS OFFICE SCARE PEOPLE?
PEOPLE? DOES IT LOOK TO YOU LIKE IT’S
DOES IT LOOK TO YOU LIKE IT’S CONTINUING AN AGGRESSIVE
CONTINUING AN AGGRESSIVE TRADITION AND WILL WE HEAR MORE
TRADITION AND WILL WE HEAR MORE FROM IT?
FROM IT? >> HISTORICALLY AS EVERYTHING
>> HISTORICALLY AS EVERYTHING YOU’VE SEEN IN THE LAST FEW
YOU’VE SEEN IN THE LAST FEW MINUTES TELLS YOU, HISTORICALLY,
MINUTES TELLS YOU, HISTORICALLY, IT’S BEEN AN AUTONOMOUS OFFICE,
IT’S BEEN AN AUTONOMOUS OFFICE, AN AGGRESSIVE OFFICE.
AN AGGRESSIVE OFFICE. A VERY PURE PROSECUTORIAL -- I
A VERY PURE PROSECUTORIAL -- I THINK IT’S PUT EVERYBODY IN THE
THINK IT’S PUT EVERYBODY IN THE PROSECUTORIAL WORLD, WHAT THEY
PROSECUTORIAL WORLD, WHAT THEY ASPIRE TO.
ASPIRE TO. IT’S NOT DRIVEN BY POLITICS BUT
IT’S NOT DRIVEN BY POLITICS BUT BY FACTS.
BY FACTS. NOT TO OVERUSE A CLICHE.
NOT TO OVERUSE A CLICHE. IT’S DRIVEN BY, NO FEAR, NO
IT’S DRIVEN BY, NO FEAR, NO FAVOR.
FAVOR. THAT’S WHAT’S ALWAYS BEEN DONE.
THAT’S WHAT’S ALWAYS BEEN DONE. GEOFF BERMAN WHO WAS INTERVIEWED
GEOFF BERMAN WHO WAS INTERVIEWED BY TRUMP.
BY TRUMP. IT WAS A LITTLE BIT UNUSUAL, BUT
IT WAS A LITTLE BIT UNUSUAL, BUT HE’S DONE A VERY GOOD JOB.
HE’S DONE A VERY GOOD JOB. HE’S RECUSED HIMSELF BUT DID A
HE’S RECUSED HIMSELF BUT DID A VERY GOOD JOB ENCIRCLING HIMSELF
VERY GOOD JOB ENCIRCLING HIMSELF WITH SOME GOOD, EFFECTIVE
WITH SOME GOOD, EFFECTIVE PROSECUTORS.
PROSECUTORS. >> DO YOU THINK THAT’S A HARD
>> DO YOU THINK THAT’S A HARD CALL TO RAID THE PRESIDENT’S
CALL TO RAID THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYER’S OFFICE?
LAWYER’S OFFICE? >> I DON’T THINK IT’S A HARD
>> I DON’T THINK IT’S A HARD CALL.
CALL. IT’S A CALL THAT NEEDS TO BE
IT’S A CALL THAT NEEDS TO BE MADE WITH GREAT THOUGHTFULNESS.
MADE WITH GREAT THOUGHTFULNESS. >> DO YOU THINK IT TAKES SOME
>> DO YOU THINK IT TAKES SOME GUTS?
GUTS? >> IT TAKES GUTS.
>> IT TAKES GUTS. BUT WHEN YOU’RE IN THAT OFFICE,
BUT WHEN YOU’RE IN THAT OFFICE, THAT’S JUST WHAT YOU DO.
THAT’S JUST WHAT YOU DO. >> THAT’S HOW THEY ROLL.
>> THAT’S HOW THEY ROLL. >> THAT’S WHAT YOU DO.
>> THAT’S WHAT YOU DO. >> WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT OFFICE,
>> WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT OFFICE, UNSEALING THE INDICTMENT OF THIS
UNSEALING THE INDICTMENT OF THIS RUSSIAN LAWYER AT THE TRUMP
RUSSIAN LAWYER AT THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING THIS WEEK.
TOWER MEETING THIS WEEK. SO SHE’S NOW IN THE U.S. LAW’S
SO SHE’S NOW IN THE U.S. LAW’S EYES, A FUGITIVE.
EYES, A FUGITIVE. HOW DO THEY UNSEAL THAT?
HOW DO THEY UNSEAL THAT? CAN THEY EVER CATCH HER?
CAN THEY EVER CATCH HER? >> YOU SEAL AN INDICTMENT
>> YOU SEAL AN INDICTMENT BECAUSE YOU DON’T WANT SOMEBODY
BECAUSE YOU DON’T WANT SOMEBODY TO KNOW ABOUT IT.
TO KNOW ABOUT IT. SOMETIMES THE PERSON COULD BE
SOMETIMES THE PERSON COULD BE COOPERATING.
COOPERATING. HERE THEY UNSEALED.
HERE THEY UNSEALED. WHY?
WHY? SHE MAY ALREADY KNOW ABOUT IT.
SHE MAY ALREADY KNOW ABOUT IT. TWO, IT MAY HELP SHAKE THE TREES
TWO, IT MAY HELP SHAKE THE TREES FOR MORE WITNESSES, MORE
FOR MORE WITNESSES, MORE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE HELPFUL.
INFORMATION THAT MAY BE HELPFUL. THREE, IT MAY HELP TRACK HER
THREE, IT MAY HELP TRACK HER DOWN.
DOWN. FOUR, IT MAY BE IN CONNECTION
FOUR, IT MAY BE IN CONNECTION WITH SOME SORT OF MUTUAL LEGAL
WITH SOME SORT OF MUTUAL LEGAL ASSISTANCE TREATY TO GET IT FROM
ASSISTANCE TREATY TO GET IT FROM ANOTHER COUNTRY.
ANOTHER COUNTRY. I DOUBT THAT’S THE CASE BUT
I DOUBT THAT’S THE CASE BUT THERE COULD BE A WHOLE HOST OF
THERE COULD BE A WHOLE HOST OF REASON FOR IT AND I THINK
REASON FOR IT AND I THINK PROBABLY AT THE END OF THE DAY,
PROBABLY AT THE END OF THE DAY, SHE PROBABLY ALREADY KNOWS ABOUT
SHE PROBABLY ALREADY KNOWS ABOUT IT SO WHY BOTHER SEALING IT.
IT SO WHY BOTHER SEALING IT. >> DO YOU THINK THEY ARE WORKING
>> DO YOU THINK THEY ARE WORKING CLOSELY WITH MUELLER TO
CLOSELY WITH MUELLER TO COORDINATE OUTCOMES?
COORDINATE OUTCOMES? >> I DON’T KNOW THAT -- LOOK.
>> I DON’T KNOW THAT -- LOOK. I THINK THEY ARE CERTAINLY NOT
I THINK THEY ARE CERTAINLY NOT WORKING AT ODDS WOULD BE MY
WORKING AT ODDS WOULD BE MY SENSE.
SENSE. HOW MUCH THEY ARE ACTUALLY
HOW MUCH THEY ARE ACTUALLY COORDINATING, I THINK THEY MIGHT
COORDINATING, I THINK THEY MIGHT THINK IT’S BETTER ON SOME LEVELS
THINK IT’S BETTER ON SOME LEVELS TO NOT COORDINATE AND OTHER
TO NOT COORDINATE AND OTHER LEVELS TO JUST KIND OF --
LEVELS TO JUST KIND OF -- COORDINATE IN THE SENSE THAT
COORDINATE IN THE SENSE THAT LET’S STAY IN EACH OTHER’S
LET’S STAY IN EACH OTHER’S SWIM -- STAY OUT OF EACH OTHER’S
SWIM -- STAY OUT OF EACH OTHER’S SWIM LANES AND STAY IN OUR OWN.
SWIM LANES AND STAY IN OUR OWN. >> I SHOWED SOME OF THE
>> I SHOWED SOME OF THE CRITICISM THAT THEY WERE VERY
CRITICISM THAT THEY WERE VERY HARD ON MR. COHEN.
HARD ON MR. COHEN. HE CURRENTLY HAS THE LARGEST
HE CURRENTLY HAS THE LARGEST SENTENCE OF ANYONE CAUGHT UP IN
SENTENCE OF ANYONE CAUGHT UP IN THIS.
THIS. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT CRITICISM OF THE OFFICE?
CRITICISM OF THE OFFICE? >> I DON’T THINK IT’S FAIR
>> I DON’T THINK IT’S FAIR CRITICISM.
CRITICISM. THEY TREAT EVERYBODY THE SAME.
THEY TREAT EVERYBODY THE SAME. IF YOU WANT TO COME IN AND
IF YOU WANT TO COME IN AND COOPERATE, YOU BETTER GIVE UP
COOPERATE, YOU BETTER GIVE UP EVERYTHING.
EVERYTHING. IF YOU STOLE A CANDY BAR WHEN
IF YOU STOLE A CANDY BAR WHEN YOU WERE A KID, YOU BETTER TELL
YOU WERE A KID, YOU BETTER TELL THEM ABOUT IT.
THEM ABOUT IT. IF YOU DON’T WANT TO TELL THEM
IF YOU DON’T WANT TO TELL THEM ABOUT IT, IT’S NOT GOING TO WORK
ABOUT IT, IT’S NOT GOING TO WORK OUT SO WELL.
OUT SO WELL. IF YOU BEND IT FOR COHEN, YOU
IF YOU BEND IT FOR COHEN, YOU HAVE TO BEND IT FOR OTHERS AND
HAVE TO BEND IT FOR OTHERS AND THEY’RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT.
THEY’RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT. BOB MUELLER’S OFFICE HAS TAKEN
BOB MUELLER’S OFFICE HAS TAKEN AN APPROACH THAT A LOT OF
AN APPROACH THAT A LOT OF DISTRICTS DO.
DISTRICTS DO. AND THEY DON’T TAKE THAT
AND THEY DON’T TAKE THAT HARD-LINE APPROACH BUT THE
HARD-LINE APPROACH BUT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT WOULDN’T
SOUTHERN DISTRICT WOULDN’T YIELD.
YIELD. I GIVE THEM CREDIT FOR THAT.
I GIVE THEM CREDIT FOR THAT. >> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT A
>> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT A CRITICISM AGAINST THE CURRENT
CRITICISM AGAINST THE CURRENT DISTRICT BUT ALSO WHEN YOU WERE
DISTRICT BUT ALSO WHEN YOU WERE IN CHARGE THERE --
IN CHARGE THERE -- >> WHEN I WAS THERE?
>> WHEN I WAS THERE? >> CRITICISM WHEN YOU WERE
>> CRITICISM WHEN YOU WERE THERE, SIR, THAT THEY HAVE A NEW
THERE, SIR, THAT THEY HAVE A NEW YORK TASTE FOR GOING AFTER
YORK TASTE FOR GOING AFTER HIGH-PROFILE DEFENDANTS.
HIGH-PROFILE DEFENDANTS. YOUR RESPONSE?
YOUR RESPONSE? >> I DON’T BUY THAT.
>> I DON’T BUY THAT. I THINK THEY GO AFTER CASES
I THINK THEY GO AFTER CASES WHERE CASES ARE TO BE MADE AND
WHERE CASES ARE TO BE MADE AND WHERE THEY SHOULD BE MADE.
WHERE THEY SHOULD BE MADE. I DON’T THINK YOU GO AFTER A
I DON’T THINK YOU GO AFTER A CASE JUST FOR THE SAKE OF BEING
CASE JUST FOR THE SAKE OF BEING HIGH PROFILE.
HIGH PROFILE. OFTEN THE CASE IS, IF IT’S HIGH
OFTEN THE CASE IS, IF IT’S HIGH PROFILE, IT’S GOOD BECAUSE IT
PROFILE, IT’S GOOD BECAUSE IT SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE PUBLIC
SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE PUBLIC THAT THERE’S NO ONE ABOVE THE
THAT THERE’S NO ONE ABOVE THE LAW.
LAW. THAT THE RULE OF LAW STANDS
THAT THE RULE OF LAW STANDS STRONG.
STRONG. AND --
AND -- >> SO YOU’RE SAYING THERE COULD
>> SO YOU’RE SAYING THERE COULD BE A JUSTIFIED LAW ENFORCEMENT
BE A JUSTIFIED LAW ENFORCEMENT REASON TO GO HARD AT SOMEONE WHO
REASON TO GO HARD AT SOMEONE WHO IS FAMOUS OR POWERFUL IN THE
IS FAMOUS OR POWERFUL IN THE PUBLIC EYE?
PUBLIC EYE? >> SURE, BUT I HAVEN’T SEEN A
>> SURE, BUT I HAVEN’T SEEN A SITUATION WHERE YOU GO AFTER
SITUATION WHERE YOU GO AFTER THEM BECAUSE THEY ARE A POWERFUL
THEM BECAUSE THEY ARE A POWERFUL PERSON OR A HIGH-PROFILE PERSON.
PERSON OR A HIGH-PROFILE PERSON. YOU GO AFTER THEM HARD BECAUSE
YOU GO AFTER THEM HARD BECAUSE THE FACTS DEMAND IT.
THE FACTS DEMAND IT. >> LET ME READ TO YOU WHAT
>> LET ME READ TO YOU WHAT DONALD TRUMP REPORTEDLY SAID TO
DONALD TRUMP REPORTEDLY SAID TO HIS ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL, MR.
HIS ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL, MR. WHITAKER, ABOUT THE COHEN
WHITAKER, ABOUT THE COHEN PROSECUTION IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTION IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
DISTRICT. TRUMP VOICED HIS ANGER AT
TRUMP VOICED HIS ANGER AT WHITAKER AFTER PROSECUTORS IN
WHITAKER AFTER PROSECUTORS IN MANHATTAN OFFICIALLY IMPLICATED
MANHATTAN OFFICIALLY IMPLICATED THE PRESIDENT IN A HUSH-MONEY
THE PRESIDENT IN A HUSH-MONEY SCHEME.
SCHEME. WHAT DOES IT TELL YOU AS A
WHAT DOES IT TELL YOU AS A VETERAN OF THIS OFFICE THAT THIS
VETERAN OF THIS OFFICE THAT THIS NEW YORK RESIDENT TURNED
NEW YORK RESIDENT TURNED PRESIDENT WAS SO FIXATED ON THIS
PRESIDENT WAS SO FIXATED ON THIS OFFICE FROM THE START?
OFFICE FROM THE START? WHAT DO YOU THINK ACCOUNTS FOR
WHAT DO YOU THINK ACCOUNTS FOR THAT, AND IS THAT KIND OF
THAT, AND IS THAT KIND OF PRESSURE INAPPROPRIATE?
PRESSURE INAPPROPRIATE? >> I THINK THIS GUY -- THE
>> I THINK THIS GUY -- THE PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO KEEP HIS
PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO KEEP HIS ENEMIES CLOSE.
ENEMIES CLOSE. IT’S CLEAR IT’S HIS M.O.
IT’S CLEAR IT’S HIS M.O. HE’S TALKED ABOUT HOW HE ROLLS.
HE’S TALKED ABOUT HOW HE ROLLS. THAT’S HOW HE ROLLS.
THAT’S HOW HE ROLLS. AND I THINK THAT’S WHAT HE WAS
AND I THINK THAT’S WHAT HE WAS TRYING TO DO.
TRYING TO DO. AND IF YOU LOOK AT HIS CONDUCT
AND IF YOU LOOK AT HIS CONDUCT THROUGHOUT THIS GOING BACK WITH
THROUGHOUT THIS GOING BACK WITH JIM COMEY AND OTHERS, YOU KNOW
JIM COMEY AND OTHERS, YOU KNOW IF YOU AREN’T LOYAL, HE’S GOING
IF YOU AREN’T LOYAL, HE’S GOING TO GET RID OF YOU.
TO GET RID OF YOU. THAT’S WHAT HE’S DONE HERE.
THAT’S WHAT HE’S DONE HERE. AND HE’S TRIED TO INFLUENCE
AND HE’S TRIED TO INFLUENCE CASES WHERE NO OTHER PRESIDENT
CASES WHERE NO OTHER PRESIDENT HAS TRIED TO EXERT THAT TYPE OF
HAS TRIED TO EXERT THAT TYPE OF INFLUENCE AND IS COMPLETELY
INFLUENCE AND IS COMPLETELY INAPPROPRIATE.
INAPPROPRIATE. >> FINAL QUESTION WHILE I HAVE
>> FINAL QUESTION WHILE I HAVE YOU BECAUSE I LIKE TO GET YOU
YOU BECAUSE I LIKE TO GET YOU WHEN YOU ARE AVAILABLE IN THE
WHEN YOU ARE AVAILABLE IN THE NEWS.
NEWS. THE BILL BARR NOMINATION.
THE BILL BARR NOMINATION. YOUR VIEW?
YOUR VIEW? >> I KNEW MR. BARR BACK WHEN HE
>> I KNEW MR. BARR BACK WHEN HE WAS IN THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
WAS IN THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT BEFORE.
BEFORE. TREMENDOUS RESPECT FOR HIM.
TREMENDOUS RESPECT FOR HIM. I AM A LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT
I AM A LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT HOW HE’S GOING TO HANDLE HAVING
HOW HE’S GOING TO HANDLE HAVING PREJUDGED SOME ISSUES CONCERNING
PREJUDGED SOME ISSUES CONCERNING THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION.
THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION. IT’S GOING TO BE INTERESTING HOW
IT’S GOING TO BE INTERESTING HOW THAT GETS FLUSHED OUT AT HIS
THAT GETS FLUSHED OUT AT HIS CONFIRMATION HEARINGS.
CONFIRMATION HEARINGS. HE’S CERTAINLY A CAPABLE LAWYER.
HE’S CERTAINLY A CAPABLE LAWYER. VERY FAMILIAR WITH AND HAS
VERY FAMILIAR WITH AND HAS PROVEN IN THE PAST THAT HE
PROVEN IN THE PAST THAT HE ABIDES WITH DEPARTMENT OF
ABIDES WITH DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRADITIONS.
JUSTICE TRADITIONS. AND I HOPE -- AND I WOULD EXPECT
AND I HOPE -- AND I WOULD EXPECT THAT HE WOULD CONTINUE TO
THAT HE WOULD CONTINUE TO MAINTAIN THE INTEGRITY OF THE
MAINTAIN THE INTEGRITY OF THE DEPARTMENT AS HE HAD IN THE
DEPARTMENT AS HE HAD IN THE PAST.
PAST. >> YOU SAY PREJUDGE.
>> YOU SAY PREJUDGE. YOU THINK THE MEMO HE PRIVATELY
YOU THINK THE MEMO HE PRIVATELY SUBMITTED WAS A KIND OF AUDITION
SUBMITTED WAS A KIND OF AUDITION THAT HE WOULD BE HARSHER ON
THAT HE WOULD BE HARSHER ON THOSE ISSUES?
THOSE ISSUES? >> I DON’T KNOW IF IT WAS AN
>> I DON’T KNOW IF IT WAS AN AUDITION.
AUDITION. IT CERTAINLY WAS AN
IT CERTAINLY WAS AN INDICATION -- FOR WHATEVER
INDICATION -- FOR WHATEVER REASON HE WROTE THE MEMO.
REASON HE WROTE THE MEMO. BUT WHAT THE MEMO DOES IS, I
BUT WHAT THE MEMO DOES IS, I THINK, IT SUGGESTS THAT HE HAS A
THINK, IT SUGGESTS THAT HE HAS A CERTAIN OPINION ABOUT THE CASE
CERTAIN OPINION ABOUT THE CASE AND I DON’T KNOW HOW WELL
AND I DON’T KNOW HOW WELL INFORMED THAT OPINION IS.
INFORMED THAT OPINION IS. >> DAVID KELLY, A FORMER U.S.